the arconia is home to charles hayden
savage a retired television actor new
york can be a [ __ ] lie oliver putnam
an unemployed broadway director and
mabel mora who was there to remodel her
aunt's flat i'm in bed
i wake up
tim cono is on the phone when the three
of them happen to meet in an elevator
do you see anything you got in today's
packages
they are later forced to flee and
connect over their shared interest a
crime podcast
and now here's cinda canning with
episode six of all is not okay in
oklahoma
get out
what the [ __ ] is mouse
they decide to return to the arconia
where they discover that there has been
a murder and that kono has died
[Music]
the investigators assume it was suicide
but the three suspect differently citing
evidence such as his panic phone
conversation and a parcel sent to him
containing an engagement ring as proof
this is his it was the most consistent
refrain of my childhood
what is it
on this
meanwhile oliver struggles with his
relationship with his kid
charles addresses his need for solitude
and mabel shares her apprehension about
sharing personal information with others
as they continue their investigation
they decide to establish a podcast
called only murders in the building
in the building
mabel was formerly pals with kono as
proven by an old photo of herself with
my hearty boys group
[Music]